# June 30, 2025 - Proposal Planning PROSPECTING

- Katie Good

Neighborhoods, communities, and the weakening of social bonds.

- Eric

Thinking of the academic side of the project.

- Sam

The discussion about the fluoride in water and people's opinions on it.

Meet in the middle (academic and public).

- Taylor

1st year - Coloquium on Polarization and Pluralism
2nd and 3rd year - Scholarship work.

- Herman De Vries

How do we speak with each other in a polarized world? How do we listen to each other? How do we learn from each other? How do we work together to address the challenges of our time?

- David Koetje

How to hold it together? Reconignizing the causes of polarization and how to address them.

What are some principles, values, and practices that can help us to live together in a pluralistic society? Personally and as a community?

- Discussion on social media and people's reactions towards different opinions.

- Sam

Discussion about goodness or badness of the terms populism, polarization, and pluralism.

Why is polarization bad?

- Micah

The different types of polarization. Affective polarization (I can't stand staying in the same room as you), ideological polarization (we disagree but we can stand each other).

The two axis for political positions: economic and social.

- Eric

Discussion about populism in constrast to pluralism and polarization.

- Katie Good

Not using these 3 terms in the name of the project.

- Micah

Who is our neighbor? 

1st year - Global
2nd year - National
3rd year - Local

- Katie Good

Understanding in different concentric circles.

Would start with the local.

- Eric and Herman De Vries

Thinking about a name that brings us together.

Suggestion: The Link Project

- David Koetje gave a very good example of how life in biology depends on polarization.

Sam: good faith on how we approach other people. Aristotle's idea of the golden mean.

- David Wunder

Presumptions, questions, measures and objectives. One page document from small groups.
